Online Jobs work from Home during Coronavirus Lockdown 2020 – Online Recruitment during Quarantine updated on June 2020: India nationwide Lockdown started from 25th March 2020 due to COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Pandemic. In World most of the countries are lockdown due to COVID-19 outbreak. 75% People staying in Home, now searching for online work. This quarantine period, Indians and other country peoples are staying in Home, looking for Online Jobs work from Home. www.IndGovtJobs.in blog is suggest some better Online Jobs without Investment for Students, Fresher's, Graduates and Professionals in this page.



Top Online Jobs in India without any Investment 2020:
(1) ONLINE JOBS WITHOUT ANY SKILLS:

? Make Money through online Activities / Earn Money using TikTok: You can earn money through your online social activities like Take Online Surveys, Complete offers, Do Online Job Task, Watch Videos, Answer Quiz's, Post videos on TikTok, Play Games, Install Mobile Applications, Post On Instragram, Facebook etc. But its not a Job, Its just create extra money for your online activities. Best Free Make Money Online websites like Ysense, neobucks, Timebucks, FushionCash etc.

?? ysense.com:

? Make money through take paid Surveys, complete Cash Offers and Take simple tasks. The site owned by Prodege, the company is one of leading online marketing company based in California, USA.


? Minimum payout: $10 (payout take 5 to 7 business days)
? Payment methods: Paypal, Payoneer etc.
?? www.swagbucks.com:

? Earn money / rewards through take online surveys, Daily Poll, Tasks and complete online offers. The site owned by Prodege LLC, the company is one of leading online marketing company based in California, USA
? Minimum payout: $25
? Payment methods: Gift Cards, Shopping Vouchers, PayPal Rewards.

?? timebucks.com:

? Earn money through take Micro tasks, create tik tok videos, watch videos, Complete Offers etc. The site owned by Australian Clearing Pty Ltd.
? Minimum payout: $10
? Payment methods: Paypal, Payeer etc.

?? www.neobux.com:

? Make money through Paid to view advertisements, take Mini Jobs, Surveys, Offers etc. The site owned by NeoDev, Lda, the company is eiC ISO 9001, eiC ISO/IEC 27001 certified company based in Portugal.
? Minimum payout: $2, $5, $10
? Payment methods: Paypal, Bank Transfer (eCheck, Wire), Paper Check.

? Play Games and Earn Money: Its not a Job, but you can earn real money for playing Android and iOS free Games like Arcade, Strategy, Action, Sports, Racing and Shooting etc. You can also earn money through playing Desktop games. Here Top Trusted Play Game to Make Money websites / Apps.


 
?? Gamezop
?? Paytm First Games 
?? Winzogames
?? MPL

? Micro Jobs - Crowd Source Worker: Crowdsource work from home jobs is one of the best online work from home jobs in India. The Crowd Source work is a small micro level job made through Internet. The best Micro work website are Microworkers, Clickworker, RapidWorkers, Crowd source and Appen. Microworkers can do online micro jobs like text creation, web researches, social promotion through Facebook, Tiktok etc., Image Tagging, Translation, Content Moderation, Data Mining, Video Transcription, Collect Movie Information, Vcode Generation, Auto submission work and more.

? www.microworkers.com

? www.clickworker.com

? RapidWorkers.com

? appen.com

? www.remotasks.com

? www.crowdsource.com

? Earn money through Apps in India: Install Android Apps to earn free cash through online activities like Read News, Play Games, Take Online Opinions and Reselling Products. Here, we listed top Earn Money Apps are,

?? Google Opinion Rewards
?? Roz Dhan
?? Meesho
?? Glowroad
?? Amazon Seller App


 
? Affiliate Marketing (with or without Investment): In Digital Marketing, Affiliates are required to boost e-commerce. Affiliate work means, you just help to sell Online Products like Amazon, Flipkart products, e-Book selling, Online Video Streaming and Mobile Apps. You can earn commission for selling online products from Vendors. Top Affiliate Marking sites are Citibank, CJ.com and CPALead.

? Amazon Affiliate

? Flipkart Affiliate

? www.clickbank.com

? www.cpalead.com

? www.adworkmedia.com

? CJ Affiliate

? Earn Money through Recharge: Major Telecom Operators in India are offering to customers earn money through mobile recharge commission. Customers can earn money through every time you recharge for other subscribers. You will get your earning through UPI, Paytm, credit cards etc.

? Airtel Superhero - 4% commission for every recharge
? Vodafone Idea RechargeforGood - 6% Cashback
? JioPOS Lite - 4.16% commission for every recharge.


 
? Online Data Entry Jobs: Don’t Trust Data Entry Online Jobs sites. Most of the sites are Scam and not worthy. Asking Money from Job seekers. So, IndGovtJobs not recommend to try Data Entry / Typing Jobs through Online websites.

(2) ONLINE JOBS WITH YOUR SKILL:

? Freelancer Jobs: Freelancer Jobs is top best jobs in India. India ranks as the 2nd largest freelance workforce after United State. You can do any Jobs online without any commitment. Freelancer jobs is self employed work, done others project based on your skills. You can find out variety of Jobs from trusted Freelancer websites like freelancer.in, upwork.com, fiverr and peopleperhour. This Jobs good for Lockdown period, Because you can easily find any type of jobs through Freelancer websites, then apply for particular Jobs, bid for your salary and get this project with a week and complete within a week or long. Get your earning quickly.

?? Website Development - Coding, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Web Optimization, Wordpress expert.
?? Digital Marketing - Social Marketing
?? Online Writing - Article, Blog posts, Content Writer
?? Software Developer - Application, IOS, Android Development
?? Data Entry Work - Proofreading, Editing, Captcha Entry
?? Online Typing Jobs - Technical Writing, Excel, MS Word
?? Graphic Designer - Logo Designer, Banner Creater, Web Designer
?? Medical Transcription
?? Video Editing - Work for Youtube Channels, Creators
?? Covert Work - PDF to Word, Excel sheet to PDF file.

Top Freelance Job Websites:

? www.freelancer.in

? www.fiverr.com

? www.peopleperhour.com

? www.upwork.com

? www.toptal.com

? Create a YouTube Channel: Just create Youtube channel, Its completely free, No Investment. If you have good knowledge in any particular field like Cooking, Travels, Teaching, Creating own ideas etc. Upload your videos to earn money from Advertisement like Google Ads and Private Online Ads. But, this Jobs

How to create youtube channel? Just visit www.youtube.com, signing using your Gmail account, Then Go to your channel list (left side column), Create a new channel and verify your account. After you can start to upload your videos.


 
How to get money from youtube? Once your videos get more viewers and more subscription, your are eligible to monetize your videos using Google AdSense.

?  Online Teaching Jobs / Instructor Online Jobs: If you have well knowledge any category, you can teach to students or create Online video course to earn money. Udemy is one of the best website for teach online to make money site. The best Online Teaching Job websites are Udemy, khanacademy, edX etc.

?www.khanacademy.org

?www.udemy.com

? Related Computer Jobs, Data Entry Jobs in Government Sector:

Designation – Total Posts

Govt Organization

Closing Date

GDS (Postmasters, Dak Sevaks) - 7428

INDIA POST

07/07/2020

Copy Editor, Assistant Website Editor, Video Editor, Graphic Artist, CG Operators - 20

Doordarshan

25/06/2020

Scientific Assistants - 25

Indian Statistical Institute

31/07/2020

Computer Operator - 04

HPSSSB

21/07/2020

Officer Grade A (IT) - 22

SEBI

31/07/2020

Assistant Grade I, Superintendent - 13

RGIPT

30/06/2020

Field Workers, LDC, Work Assistant, Surveyor, Paribesh Bandhu / Dom - 976

MSCWB

30/06/2020

? IndGovtJobs Top Jobs List:

Latest Government Jobs 2020

Degree, Post Graduate, Diploma, ITI Jobs etc. - 50000+

Free Jobs Alert 2020

Assistant, Clerk, Steno, Officer, Manager posts in Government Sector - 40000+

10th 12th Pass Govt Jobs

Assistants, Clerk etc - 20000+

Clerk Govt Jobs

LDC, UDC etc. - 5000+

Steno / Computer Typist Govt Jobs

Steno, Typist posts - 1000+

Latest Assistant Jobs 2020

Office Assistant, Attendants, Work Assistant etc. - 5000+

FAQs:

? How to earn money online in India?

You can make money through Online Jobs, Take Surveys, Online Social Activities, Playing Games, Upload and Watch Videos etc. IndGovtJobs updates trusted Online jobs details in this page.

? What type of online jobs are there?

www.indgovtjobs.in Online Jobs page listed two type of online jobs like Jobs with Skills and Jobs without any skills.

?? Online Jobs with Skills: Freelancer Jobs, Online Teaching, Website services, Create Videos etc.
??  Online Jobs without Skills: Take Surveys, Micro Jobs, Social Jobs, Play Games, Affiliate Marketing etc.

? How to earn money online without investment?

You can earn money online without any investment / deposits. People earn money using his / her Skills or without any skills, but basic Internet knowledge required.

? How to get online jobs?

www.indgovtjobs.in updates Latest Online Jobs in "Online Jobs 2020" page. Here, you can get details about online works and Online Jobs providing website details.

? What is requirement for online jobs at home?

Minimum Online Job requirements are

?? Laptop / Desktop or Smart Phone (without skill Jobs only)
?? Good Internet Connection
?? Basic Computer Knowledge



Read more: Online Jobs 2020 during Lockdown | Earn Money Online Work from Home
Follow us: indgovtjobs on Facebook





































EGtSvZ5t7ZTeK3m byet host password































In the final project students will demonstrate the ability to use HTML5 tags to create a valid web page.

Review criterialess 
The assignment will be graded based on the presence of all the required tags. Specifically the grading rubric questions will be

Was the doctype included correctly? (<!DOCTYPE html>)
Is there a head tag with a title for the page?
Is there a body tag?
Is there a nag tag with four anchor tags inside? Did they remember to change the text for the fourth link?
Is the Favorite Foods section complete with an h2 heading and four unordered list items?
Is the Achievements section complete with an h2 heading and three progress bars?
Is the More About Me section complete with an h2 heading and a details and summary tag?
Is the image correctly linked?
Is the link to intro-webdesign working?
Does everything else on the page appear to be where it belongs?
Step-By-Step Assignment Instructionsless 
How to submit:

You must submit a single HTML file. (Make sure that you link to image at http://intro-webdesign.com, not one of your own images.

How to create your assignment:

Follow the instructions in the text description and the video to prepare your assignment. If you have trouble with images, I have also included a textual description of the required components at http://intro-webdesign.com/projectdescription.html.

Examples of Good Feedbackless 
As a reviewer, you will be required to provide feedback on other people's assignment.

When providing feedback, it is a good practice to first indicate what the learner did well on the assignment. After that, help the learner improve by providing specific, actionable advice. Don't feel badly about pointing out mistakes - we are all here to learn.

























Configuring Service in windows we need to enable this feature first
control-> windows feature on and off 3 time next and web server IIS to be looked and add feature 3 time next and then install.
in server manager new feature will appear. right click and internet information service manager expand server and then sites. add different website to it copying the folder of site in inetpub directory.Now enable it in iis console. 

Configuring Services in Linux
ftp server vsftp
sudo apt install vsftpd
service vsftpd status
lftp localhost
ls 
exit
location sudo /etc/vsftpd.conf then no to yes anonymous
sudo service vsftpd reload

Managing Service in Powershell
get-service wuauserv | format-list "
stop-service wuauserv
start-service wuauserv
services in gui

Managing Services in linux
serice ntp status   by ussing the logger command we can find the service in action
modifiying the date
sudo date -s "2017-01-01 00:00:00"
sudo service ntp stop
date
sudo service ntp start
date
sudo service ntp restart











































Applying for Aspiring 
what is KDD= it knowledge discovery database. finding knowledge in data and emphasiezes the high level application of particular data mining methods.

NIPS= neural information processing system
ACL= Association for Computational linguistics
AAAI= Association for the advancement of artificial intelligence
HCI= Human Computer Interaction
sigCSE= Association for Computing Machinery's Special Interest Group on Computer science education, which provides a forum for educators to discuss issues related to the development.
EDM= A company
ML,cs,stastical assessments

























so change the ip address in dns use the command sudo vim /etc/hosts  save using wq

when dns is performed our computer checks host file.

First check the network is ressponding or not by using ping command then use nslookup and copy paste address in browser if it opens then dns setting are not working correctly.
ping then website name
nslookup 



















Want to get HIRED quickly?
Then do this…..
1. Have a LinkedIn Profile that makes you shine.
2. Have a resume that focuses on skills and achievements.
3. Have a keyword optimised resume for each online job application.
4. Have a tailored cover email for each resume submitted directly to a recruiter or hiring manager.
5. Be researched and prepared for interviews.
6. Don’t fake it in your resume or interviews.
7. Use C.A.R.L. technique for behavioural question responses.
8. Follow up with a “thank you” after interviews.
9. Dress the part on camera.
10. Have a positive attitude.
11. Don’t trash former employers.
12. Keep searching between interviews.
13. Network online, especially LinkedIn.
14. Contact former colleagues.
15. Have references on standby.
16. Know what your salary expectation is.
17. Be psychologically prepared to hear “no” and face rejection.
18. Take nothing personally.
Finding a job is your 9-5 “job” until you find one, and YOU can control 1-18.
Nobody said it was going to be easy, but if Life has taught me one thing it’s this…..
Effort and perseverance pay off!

anything to add to my list, please?
Kirsty Bonner
#KB #jobs #careers

















what have i learn till now
In 3rd Course 
Linux file System
Linux Powershell
Command-line Interface
In 2nd Course
Network Model
DNS
Ipv4
Troubleshooting
1st Course
Customer Support





ps -ef and then sudo kill with prcoess id



updating the software
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install vlc







how to see system log in linux
ls /var/log
to see the content of system log
sudo cat /var/log/syslog
low disk space causing file can be deleted by following command
first we have to arrange them in descending order
sudo du -a /home | sort -n -r | head -n 5
sudo rm /home/lab/storage/file name







rm, unlink and rmdir can be used to delete the file and directory from the linux operating system.








windows input output pipelining  echo woof > dog.txt........ stdin stdout and stderr










grep then file name grep file *_file name
ls path name is given -Recurse -Filter *.exe in windows.






how to search within a file
ctrl+F in windows 
in powershell select-string then string name is used 
for selecting all text use *.txt









how to modify the file
start application name and file name.
nano,vim,Emacs is used to edit file name in linux









how to display file content cat command is used
one page at a time then use more command nad less is used in linux
first few line can be viewed using cat name of the file than -head 10









rm file name and -Force this is for power shell
rm in linux as well this can be done
rm -r to remove directory
to list all the item of home direcotry command is ls -la /home and ls -l -a /home
to delete the diretory rm -r Miscellaneous\Directory
to change the directory cd ~/picture/alsaka and cd ../alsaka and cd /home/condy/pictures/alska
						















Working on end to end testing for a customer care and Billing and Rating solutions (BSS/OSS), offering convergent functionalities in a multi service environment that traverses technology segment like GSM, FXL and ISP. Designed as an E2E Web based solution, it supports creation and management of customer accounts, pricing and provisioning of various services, activity tracking, real time rating along with sales for various type of entities.

Areas of Expertise -
• Telecom Testing which includes Provisioning
• Configuration Support
• Worked on Order management, Order Provisioning and Order fulfillment and Convergent Billing System
• Carry out Functional, Integration, System, Regression testing
• Software Testing Specializing in Black Box Testing with Test Design, Test Execution and defect management tool
• Having good knowledge on Full Life Cycle of SDLC and STLC processes with thorough understanding of testing concepts/ test development and manual test execution
• Ensure that each test meets provided requirements and intended design
• Create test cases and required test scripts and provide required test data/metrics and other related documentation
• Worked on the billing system modules like CARE (customer care) / CBS (customer maintenance), provisioning and different CR’s (change requests) with multiple vendors
• Onsite experience of about 3 years, responsible for SIT/UAT/Post production test with multiple systems and Business Users.






linux and windows software included in resume








overleaf
tecnotree in main for Software
Technical is main for Core.








victor Ascobedo was the teacher for bits and bytes
cindy was the teacher for operating system








@Abhi16sheK$ was password for net exam filled






Microsoft lens
adobe scan









Blume Global: Associate Software Engineer

"As Full Stack Engineer for BlumeGlobal, you will:•Work with the product team to understand product vision and requirements•Solve complex technical problems and perform code reviews for junior team members.•Produce deliverables at a consistently high rate and with consistently excellent quality•Work with a team of engineering professionals to ensure the highest quality product delivery•As a member of our team, you will be responsible for ensuring the successful launch of many product features.Key responsibilities:•Work as Full Stack engineer and gain knowledge across BlumeGlobal broad stack of software•Work in a product-based R&D team and collaborate with other teams to integrate.•Write code that is of high quality and consistent with our coding standards•Maintain best practices for development/code changes as needed•Design and architect software applications•Maintain high-quality standards and unit/integration test your application•Demonstrate your work to other team members•Work with senior developers of the team and seek input on solving complex problems.Key Requirements: •Interested in programming demonstrated by college projects/internships•Good in programming logic, analytical thinking and curiosity to learn new things•Understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals•Teamwork and communications - skills comprise of oral, written, and interpersonal skills•A Passion for Self Development and constantly improving oneself "

" 1.Eligibility: oOpen to all the Engineering Branches including M.Techs oStudents should not carry any academic backlogs oCGPA/percentage: minimum 6.5 on a scale of 10oComputer science branch: minimum 6.0 on a scale of 102.Online Written Test: Duration is 60-90 minutes oEnglish & Written TestoQuantitative AptitudeoAnalytical Thinking oCoding/programming TestoComputer Fundamentals 3.Video Interview: Two round of Technical Interviews – focus on coding skills, analytical thinking, and puzzles, college/internship projects 4.Video Interview: One round of HR interview "














net password  Ak9916596870@

List of Websites which offers online certification courses 

1. Swayam-https://swayam.gov.in/

2. NPTEL- https://onlinecourses.nptel.ac.in/

3. Mooc- http://mooc.org/

4. Edx - https://www.edx.org/

5. Coursera-https://www.coursera.org/

6. Udacity - https://in.udacity.com/

7. Udemy - https://www.udemy.com/

8. Khanacademy - https://www.khanacademy.org/

9. Skillsahre - https://www.skillshare.com/

10. Harvard University - https://online-learning.harvard.edu/

11. Ted - https://ed.ted.com/

12. Alison - https://alison.com/

13. Futurelearn - https://www.futurelearn.com/

14. Web Development - https://digitaldefynd.com/best-free-web-development-courses-tutorials-certification/

15. Digital Marketing - https://digitaldefynd.com/best-free-digital-marketing-certifications/

16. ios app development - https://digitaldefynd.com/best-ios-app-development-course-tutorial/
17. Open Learn - http://www.open.edu/openlearn/

18. Future Learn - https://www.futurelearn.com/

19. Tuts Plus - 
https://tutsplus.com/

20. Open Culture - http://www.openculture.com
Most of these courses are free to learn.


aloka835203@
Aloka835203@
aloka835203
Aloka835203
aloka
Aloka
aloka@
Aloka@

abhishek835203@
Abhishek835203@
abhishek835203
Abhishek835203
abhishek
Abhishek
abhishek@
Abhishek@

abhishekkeshri@
Abhishekkeshri@
AbhishekKeshri@

sonu835203@
835203
password
password835203
123456
12345678
1234567	
passw0rd
ssvm835203




